Do everything with serious-minded. Motivated leader with strong organizational and prioritization abilities during school
life. Excellent communication and time management skills. Handle tasks with accuracy and efficiency and able to learn new
tasks quickly. Passionate, hard working,friendly and enthusiastic, with a drive for excellence.Player & Captain
Core player of the varsity team
Assisting in organizing daily training
Providing training for two trainees
Responsible for teacher's badminton game as umpire
Clerk
Hosting regularly meetings once per month
Organizing meetings convened
Organizing "clear your plate" campaign andactivities
Evaluating new members
Participating variety show
Enterprise Risk Management Services Department Intern
Use computers for various applications, such as database management or word processing.
Maintain, and enter intormation into databases
Researching information.
Proofreading working papers
Review work done by others to check tor correct spelling and grammar, ensure that company format policies are
followed, and recommend revisions.
Leader of P.E. Dep
Responsible for the sports events in the school of Business Administration.
Athlete selection and training.
Holding schools' games.
Organizing university games.
Organizing daily exercise.
Responsible for the parties of school league committee twice per semester.
Helping other department's job.
Participamt
Identity issues tor research and analysis.
Develop and test theories, using intormation from interviews, newspapers, periodicals, historical papers, polls, and/or
statistical sources.
Collect, analyze, and interpret data such as election results and public opinion surveys; report on finding,
recommendations, and conclusions.
Delivering questionnaires in parking and gas station to collect data
Coordinating with group members and organizers
.Involving in preliminary contest, the semifinal and final competitions
Attendant/ Investigator
Assisting professor Li do the research
Consulting with local supermarkets
Persuading the staff accept interview
Face to face interview supermarket staff
Assisting market staff to complete questionnaires
Volunteer
.Coordinate communication between scholars, hotel staf, or host.
Package and classify conference materials before the conference
Helping seholars to check-in at hotel and conference sit
Directing and assisting scholars during conference
Guiding scholars have trips after conference
Delivering information about seeing-off